Newsletters: add 410 (2026-06-19) (#2786)
bitcoinops/bitcoinops.github.io: _posts/en/newsletters/2026-06-19-newsletter.md

---
title: 'Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #410'
permalink: /en/newsletters/2026/06/19/
name: 2026-06-19-newsletter
slug: 2026-06-19-newsletter
type: newsletter
layout: newsletter
lang: en
---
FIXME:bitschmidty

## News

- **Removal of BIP 125 RBF signaling in wallet transactions**: Rkrux [posted][bip125 ml]
  to the Bitcoin-Dev mailing list about the current effort to remove the [RBF][topic rbf]
  signaling in transactions, as defined by [BIP125][]. That BIP specifies that a transaction
  can opt-in to RBF, if the `nSequence` number is set to a value lower than
  `0xffffffff - 1` (i.e. `nSequence = MAX-2`). Since the merging of `mempoolfullrbf`,
  that signaling number have become redundant, and any transaction can be replaced using

>   that parameter.

Reviewer: This sentence has several issues. 

- [ ] There is one `nSequence` number per input, not one per transaction.
- [ ]  "lower than  `0xffffffff - 1` (i.e. `nSequence = MAX-2`)" the _id est_ here could be understood as suggesting that `0xffffffff − 1` and `MAX−2` are the same, because the latter is only one number that is lower out of many
- [ ] The last sentence could be read as suggesting that `mempoolfullrbf` is a transaction-level parameter.

Maybe something along the lines of:

```suggestion
  signaling in transactions, as defined by [BIP125][]. BIP125 specifies that a transaction
  can opt-in to RBF by setting at least one `nSequence` number to a value lower than
  `0xffffffff - 1` (e.g. `nSequence = MAX-2`). Since `mempoolfullrbf` has been broadly adopted,
  any transaction can be replaced regardless of its nSequence values.
```

Reviewer 2: Done!

- **JoinMarket-NG 0.32.0 released:**
  JoinMarket-NG, a community-maintained fork of the [coinjoin][topic coinjoin]
  implementation, [released][joinmarket 0.32.0] mempool support for the
  [Neutrino][topic compact block filters] backend so takers can verify maker
  broadcasts, among other fidelity bond and reliability improvements.

## Notable code and documentation changes

_Notable recent changes in [Bitcoin Core][bitcoin core repo], [Core
Lightning][core lightning repo], [Eclair][eclair repo], [LDK][ldk repo],
[LND][lnd repo], [libsecp256k1][libsecp256k1 repo], [Hardware Wallet
Interface (HWI)][hwi repo], [Rust Bitcoin][rust bitcoin repo], [BTCPay
Server][btcpay server repo], [BDK][bdk repo], [Bitcoin Improvement
Proposals (BIPs)][bips repo], [Lightning BOLTs][bolts repo],
[Lightning BLIPs][blips repo], [Bitcoin Inquisition][bitcoin inquisition
repo], and [BINANAs][binana repo]._

- [Bitcoin Core #35221][] adds support for the [BIP434][] peer feature
  negotiation framework (see Newsletters [#386][news386 bip434] and
  [#390][news390 bip434]). It adds a `feature` P2P message that may be
  exchanged between `version` and `verack` to advertise optional peer

>   features, and increases the P2P protocol version number to `70017`. Bitcoin

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
  features, and bumps the P2P protocol version number to `70017`. Bitcoin
```

---
title: 'Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #410'
permalink: /en/newsletters/2026/06/19/
name: 2026-06-19-newsletter
slug: 2026-06-19-newsletter
type: newsletter
layout: newsletter
lang: en
---
FIXME:bitschmidty

## News

- **Removal of BIP 125 RBF signaling in wallet transactions**: Rkrux [posted][bip125 ml]
  to the Bitcoin-Dev mailing list about the current effort to remove the [RBF][topic rbf]
  signaling in transactions, as defined by [BIP125][]. That BIP specifies that a transaction 
  can opt-in to RBF, if the `nSequence` number is set to a value lower than

>   `0xffffffff - 1` (i.e. `nSequence = MAX-2`). Since the merging of `mempoolfullrbf`,

Author: Maybe you can add an Optech reference link here.

Reviewer 2: What reference?

>   that signaling number have become redundant, and any transaction can be replaced using 

Author: Maybe? 
```suggestion
  that signaling value has become unnecessary, and any transaction can be replaced using 
```

>   that parameter.

Author: Its unclear what that parameter is here?

  
  The author opened [Bitcoin Core #35405][], which aims to switch the default value for
  the opt-in RBF to `false`, effectively setting `nSequence = MAX - 1`, and asked for
  feedback from the wallet developers community to find a default input sequence number
  which could get wide adoption.

>   Feedback was provided by Murch and Electrum Wallet contributor SomberNight.

Author: Maybe can eliminate this intro sentence and just intro the murch item with "Feedback from Murch..." or the like
